bye
hello from one part here again today
we're going to be creating another
wonderful masterpiece and we're going to
be doing it with oil pastels we are
going to be creating a hand so let's get
into it now this is a really fun little
project we have provided a downloadable
PDF with all the steps for you to draw
your cute little head so let's draw this
up the head is a small circle the neck a
tube shape and the body is simply a
larger circle once the main shapes are
drawn in join the neck to the breasts
then draw in the tail it's just the leg
shape the feet as you can see are
triangular shapes and the legs are two
parallel lives draw in the circular I
the feathers and the crest and we're
done well bet our hand drawn now we need
to put the background in we're going to
do this with 100 milliliter acrylic i'm
using a 75-millimeter tack line brush to
paint the water down cerulean blue onto
the canvas so just put that on and that
is literally taken me about a minute so
you can still see the drawing underneath
so let's try this and we'll get the oil
pastels on all right our background is
now dry on with the oil pastels so you
get 24 really vibrant colors let's put
one of the oranges on here wow they are
so soft you can see what lovely thick
coverage the oil pastels give here Wow
look out beautiful and rich that color
is we're going to do half the canvas in
this orange and the other half we're
going to blend it into a darker color
the orange is now on now let's put some
red on
you'll see happy usually these blend
apply rent right up to the orange and
then simply overlap the colors this is
one of the ways you can blend montmartre
oil pastels our background negative
space is now done the next step is just
to add colors into our hand and you can
add what ever color you like you've got
a whole heat to choose from this the
side of the pastel if you want a thinner
line look how rich that red is these are
so buttery and smooth
all our colors are now on and it's time
to put our black key lines in now I'm
going to do this again with a pistol but
i'm going to sharpen it like a pencil
with a hobby knife so if you do this
make sure that there's adult supervision
around slide the blade down on top of
the pastel at an angle to create a sharp
point well this is what it looks like
when it's a sharpened and this is
another great feature of montmartre
pastels so just outline the entire hang
with your black pastor now the one thing
you'll notice is how beautifully these
go on they just glide on the surface
well there you have our oil pastel hen
and I cannot stress enough how fun and
enjoyable this product is to use
experiment with these and I know you'll
be creating masterpieces in no time
until next time keep on painting
you